Hello and welcome to Policy X.  I am
Sonali Joshi and today I have brought a very useful
video.  For those who are
planning their family and those ladies who are
pregnant.  Because I will tell you the
best maternity health insurance plans of 2025.
But one second, any health or
term insurance plan should always be
taken from a trusted source.  Such as policy X.
We will provide you insurance without any spam
or gamification.  You will find the link to talk to our experts
in the description box.  You can click and get
your health insurance or term
insurance plan.  Let us now tell you about the
best maternity health insurance
plans of 2025.  First of all, Aditya Birla Active One
Maternity Plan.  This is a pregnancy
insurance plan which is one of the only two plans
that provides
coverage to both already pregnant ladies and future mothers.  The
mortality insurance waiting period of this plan
is the lowest in the industry, i.e.
only 3 months. If
you want to buy an insurance plan with the lowest waiting period, then
this plan is for you.  But pregnancy
cover is available only with a three-year policy tenure
and can be claimed only once
in the entire policy life.   The
second next plan is Care Joy Tomorrow.
Motority Insurance Plan.  It is
specifically designed to cover the
maternity health insurance needs of pregnant women.
This plan provides coverage for maternity
expenses as well as newborn baby
treatments.
Features of this plan include
coverage of maternity expenses, inclusion of prenatal and postnatal
expenses, newborn baby
cover and treatment of newborn defects.  The
best part is that you do not need
any pre-policy medical checkup for this plan.  The
third
plan is ICICI Lobert Elevate Plan.
It covers all pregnancy related medical expenses.
Motility Package Rider
available for women up to 50 years of age.  This pregnancy cover is
offered only in family floater plans.
In which both the insured and the spouse are covered.
Under this plan, you will get coverage for
maximum three deliveries or pregnancy terminations in the policy lifetime.
Coverage for normal and C-section delivery expenses is also available.  Newborn baby
treatments and vaccinations are also covered.
You will also get coverage for prenatal and postnatal expenses.  The next plan is
Neevapa Spire Plan.  It comes with a Miracle
Benefit that provides
extensive coverage for pregnancy-related medical expenses.  The
motority insurance waiting period of this plan ranges from just
9 months to 2 years
depending on the variant.
Apart from this, the plan also has Booster Plus benefit
which allows carrying forward the unutilized medical sum insured up
to 10x.
It covers antenatal checkups and
vaccinations.
You also get coverage for normal and cesarean delivery expenses.
Surrogacy and delivery expenses of the surrogate mother are
also covered under this.
Assisted reproduction techniques and
infertility treatments are also covered.
Medical termination of
pregnancy and legal adoption charges are also covered
under this plan.  So these were the
best maternity health insurance
plans of 2025.  If you liked the video, do
n't forget to like and subscribe to us.